The tired party is enjoying the relatively peaceful atmosphere of a tavern, drinking some ale and having a chat. This, as it often does, gets ruined by the shouting of a man.

"No, this is absolutely preposterous! You know nothing about anything, let alone poetry! Now leave me alone, before the spirit possesses me and you get hurt."

The other man mutters something and actually leaves.

"Fool. You there! I see this has piqued your curiosity. Yes, indeed, I am the famous Rollo. Surely you’ve heard of me? No? Then I bet you’re not from around here. I am a renowned poet, beloved by many, hated only by jealous simpletons."

He invites the group to come closer and takes out a few sheets of paper.

"I am working on my next masterpiece, but as embarrassing as it is to admit - I’m stuck. I have such a way with words, that I am torn between two different verses. I assume you are literate? Then please, read these and tell me which one is more brilliant."

The text on the first sheet reads:

"Your womanly beauty is like a flower
And your body I must deflower"

The second variation is:

"Your womanly beauty is like a flower
And your body I must conquer"

The group is stunned. The poet assumes it’s because of how good his work is. They decide that…

... The first line is better.
((The poet is so excited, he rushes off immediately, telling the members to put the next round of drinks on his tab. There is no tab.))

... The second line is better.
((He agrees. Speaking of conquering, the poet remembers that he saw some abandoned equipment near the town that might be of interest to them.))

... None of them are good enough for what he’s trying to achieve.
((Softening the blow, the poet doesn’t take it as an insult, but as motivation to come up with even worse rhymes on the spot. This will definitely keep the party laughing for a while, boosting their morale.))

... They are both awful and he’s a talentless creep.
((This pisses him off even more, which gets him thrown out of the tavern. He leaves a whole untouched chicken behind.))