Walking towards the entrance of a village, the party witness a strange scenario. A woman is in the process of hanging herself, but she is yet to actually commit to the act. She’s a bit startled, but still politely greets the strangers.

"Hello there! Welcome to our lovely little village. Don’t mind me, I’m just trying to get something done. In the center, you can find one of the best tailor shops in the region. I have put everything on sale, so please, do take advantage of my work and don’t forget to actually pay."

The smile that’s meant for customers slowly disappears, as the woman starts crying.

"A cursed place, this is. It must be. I have no other explanation. I came here with my widowed mother after marrying my husband... Ex-husband, I guess. We had our first child, a daughter. Then, we had more girls, but they never lived longer than a few days. Curious, how this kept happening. They tell me it was sickness, but a mother can tell what her child is going through."

She wipes her face with her sleeve and composes herself.

"I have 3 brothers, you know? Well, my husband knew that too when he went and fucked my mother. And soon enough - she gave birth to a healthy boy. And my beloved officially abandoned me, he said he has no use for me anymore, that I’m useless."

Upon closer inspection, there seems to already be blood on her clothes, but it’s dried up.

"So, this son of theirs would be my what? Sibling? And to my daughter? An uncle or a brother? I thought those people were civilized, how could this be allowed? Everyone sided with them! I had failed to fulfil my womanly duties, they said. Well, I decided it’s my duty to take these abominations to hell, and to make sure they stay there. Farewell!"

As the woman prepares to finally jump, the group decides to... 

... Stop her. Tell the villagers that some bandits killed her "family", but they were dealt with.
((Get a gold reward.))

... Just leave.
((Trauma or guilt haunts one of the members, giving him a debuff.))

... Let her jump, go to her shop instead.
((Her teenage daughter is working there, you tell her what happened and she rushes off, leaving the store unattended. You choose to take the money from the shop.))

... Kill her yourselves.
((You find a key to her shop, you can go after dark and steal some good clothes.))