While passing through a village that’s very close to a big fortress, the group notices a group of people gathered before a simple wooden stage. On it, actors in colorful costumes are presenting a play.

The party stays for a while to watch. From what they gather, this seems to be a comedy about a rich, gluttonous pig that keeps stealing from the working mice, while always having a very "clever" argument as to why he deserves it more than them.

"Sire Pig, we worked the fields all week, from sunrise to sunset. Please, give us a few days to return home and bring some of the yield to our families."

"I can’t believe it! After letting you work for me, feeding you, and even paying you, you seem to care about spoiling your families more than doing your job! I knew that mice are unreliable and dishonourable, but I thought I’d at least deserve some respect."

Later, they show how one of the mice loses her youngest child. The local healer explains that it was too weak to fight off the sickness, and if only there was more food, the child would’ve survived. The mother decides to confront the Pig.

"Sire, please, I beg you. You need to let us bring back more crops. We are working so hard, and yet... Only death and misfortune follows. I lost my youngest last week, they said she was too hungry to fight off the disease."

"Well, what’s the problem then? Now you have one more mouth to feed. And have you thought about all the servants I have to take care of? No! You mice only think about yourselves, what a shame!"

In the end of the play, the mice get so fed up with this behavior, that they decide to treat themselves to some pork.

The members recognize the parallels of this story, as the ruler of the castle is famously stingy and mistreats his workers way too often. They decide to... 

... Applaud and throw a few coins to the performers. 
((Receive a jester’s hat from the actors that gives some buff or something.))

... Talk to the performers, warning them that this is dangerous.
((They thank you, explaining they’re a travelling group, and invite you to escort them to the next town. Sharing funny stories and rumors along the way, the party gets a buff.))

... Rat them out to the rich ruler.
((He rewards you and offers you more if you bring more information about treachery.))

... Attack them.
((The villagers don’t let that happen, they throw you out and ban you from entering again.))