The party enters the smallest of 3 villages that are very close to one another. It's a bit quiet, but there are a few working people going about their day. They’re trying to find the market, but there are only a few empty stalls. The tavern is in sight, but the door is locked. After knocking on it a few times, a man answers.

"Sorry, fellas. We’re closed for a while. Oooh, you must be travelers. I could offer you some water, but we’re all out of alcohol and there’s no food to spare."

He lets them in, so they can catch their breath. The place’s size is appropriate for the small village, but it’s still masterfully decorated. Sturdy wooden tables with little chairs, a neat stone hearth and lots of mugs, cups and even drinking horns are sitting behind the counter. But lacking the life and atmosphere that everyone is used to. 

"I apologize again. I’ve been working here since I was a child, this is what I love doing, and yet... Through no fault of our own, we’re in this situation. Maybe you haven’t heard, but a lot of our production was stolen. We’re a hard working community, so we’ve been blessed with a fruitful soil and great harvests. The surrounding villages would even come to trade with us, promising us protection in return. But when it actually came to - they just shrugged and told us there’s nothing they can do about it, the thieves were already far away."

He sighs deeply and starts polishing an already clean cup - clearly out of habit. The group decides to... 

... Ask what the thieves stole, when and where they might have gone.
>>> event Tavern1

... Ask if it’s possible that one of the neighboring villages stole from them.
>>> event Tavern2

... Tell him it is what it is and leave.
((The calm water calmed the nerves of one member, buffing him; but another member wanted to learn what actually happened here - deep in thoughts, he’s distracted, debuff.))


... Beat up the tavern keeper and steal whatever you can.
((Some coins, a single bottle of ale that he was keeping for himself.))